To create or schedule a Sendible message for a given user, make a POST call using basic authentication with the user's Sendible username and password

====URL:====
http://sendible.com/api/v1/message.format?type=type

====Formats:====
xml, json

====HTTP Methods:====
POST

====Parameters:====
 * {{{send_to}}}: A comma separated list of recipient_id's retrieved using the [Services] call.
 * {{{message_text}}}: The plain text version of the message.
 * {{{subject}}}: Optional. The message subject.
 * {{{message_rich_text}}}: Optional. Marked-up version of the message. Accepts HTML.
 * {{{send_date_client}}}: Optional. The date and time to send the message. e.g. 2012-02-24 23:59:40
 * {{{notify_me}}}: Optional. Whether to send an email notification when the message has been delivered. Accepts 1 or 0.
 * {{{status}}}: Optional. The message status. Accepts "Pending" or "Draft".
 * {{{timezone_offset_client}}}: Optional. The number of minutes required to convert the client's time zone to GMT. e.g. -120
 * {{{recurs}}}: Optional. How frequently this message should be posted. {{{[xx][H = Hours, D = Days, W = Weeks, M = Months, Y = Years]}}} e.g. "01H" = Every hour or "05D" = Every 5 days. 
 * {{{recurs_until_client}}}: Optional. The date at which the recurring message should stop. e.g. 2012-02-24 23:59:40
 * {{{tags}}}: Optional. A comma separated list of tag keywords. Used to categorize blog posts.


====Authentication:====
Basic authentication with username and password of the Sendible user.

====Success Response:====
{{{
<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<pending-message>
  <status>Pending</status>
  <subject></subject>
  <tags nil="true"></tags>
  <user-id type="integer">1</user-id>
  <recurs>Once</recurs>
  <recurs-until-gmt type="datetime">2009-11-12T10:26:55Z</recurs-until-gmt>
  <recurs-until-client type="datetime">2009-11-12T12:26:55Z</recurs-until-client>
  <message-id type="integer">5</message-id>
  <message-text>test to FF.</message-text>
  <message-rich-text>&lt;!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC &quot;-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN&quot; &quot;http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd&q
uot;&gt;
&lt;html&gt;
&lt;head&gt;
&lt;title&gt;&lt;/title&gt;
&lt;/head&gt;
&lt;body&gt;
&lt;p&gt;test to FF.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/body&gt;
&lt;/html&gt;</message-rich-text>
  <notify-me type="integer">0</notify-me>
  <send-date-gmt type="datetime">2012-02-24T10:26:55Z</send-date-gmt>
  <send-date-client type="datetime">2012-02-24T12:26:55Z</send-date-client>
  <send-to>&quot;Friendfeed - hamgav&quot; &lt;5453&gt;</send-to>
  <timezone-offset-client type="integer">-120</timezone-offset-client>
</pending-message>
}}}

====Error Response:====
{{{
<error>
<type>InvalidUsernamePassword</type>
<message>Username/password is invalid.</message>
</error>
}}}

OR

{{{
<error>
<type>InsufficientCreditsError</type>
<message>This message requires x Message Credit(s). You've already sent y messages this month and have z Message Credit(s) remaining.</message>
</error>
}}}

OR

{{{
<error>
<type>MessageError</type>
<message>Message could not be created.</message>
</error>
}}}